Ms. Haag plays Elianti .
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S.
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15 .
A record date has n't been set .
Bell , based in Los Angeles , makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products .
The proposed changes also would allow executives to report exercises of options later and less often .
`` Apparently the commission did not really believe in this ideal . ''
But about 25 % of the insiders , according to SEC figures , file their reports late .
The SEC will probably vote on the proposal early next year , he said .
Not all those who wrote oppose the changes .
According to some estimates , the rule changes would cut insider filings by more than a third .
The SEC 's Mr. Lane vehemently disputed those estimates .
The proposed rules also would be tougher on the insiders still required to file reports , he said .
Investors who want to change the required timing should write their representatives in Congress , he added .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
For its employees to sign up for the options , a college also must approve the plan .
Some 4,300 institutions are part of the pension fund .
Richard Stoltzman has taken a gentler , more audience-friendly approach .
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .
He believes in what he plays , and he plays superbly .
Bach 's `` Air '' followed .
That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings .
Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ?
-LRB- Mr. Reich 's new `` Different Trains '' for string quartet uses the technique magisterially . -RRB-
Is this the future of chamber music ?
But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms .
Ms. Waleson is a free-lance writer based in New York .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .
Now UNESCO apologists are lobbying President Bush to renege on President Reagan 's decision to depart .
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .
UNESCO somehow converted the founding U.N. ideals of individual rights and liberty into `` peoples ' rights . ''
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .
Other countries , including West Germany , may have a hard time justifying continued membership .
We see an even stronger argument against UNESCO than its unsurprising failure to reform .
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation .
We can see plenty of reasons to stay out , and none to rejoin UNESCO .
The researchers said they have isolated a plant gene that prevents the production of pollen .
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .
They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants .
The vast majority of the U.S. corn crop now is grown from hybrid seeds produced by seed companies .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off .
Mr. Leemans said this genetic manipulation does n't hurt the growth of that plant .
They attached a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene .
`` There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds , '' he said .
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles .
Already , the consequences are being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments .
What triggered the latest clash was a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
Aside from Nomura 's injured pride , the biggest victim so far has been the New Zealand government .
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
New Zealand 's finance minister , David Caygill , lashed out at such suggestions .
`` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' he told Radio New Zealand .
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .
The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business .
And their suspicions of each other run deep .
In the past year , both have tried to stretch the limits of their businesses .
The New Zealand bond issue simply has brought the two institutions face-to-face .
John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , was named a managing director at this investment-banking company .
He will be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild .
As Yogi Berra might say , it 's deja vu all over again .
In the outfield , Paul Blair , the Orioles ' eight-time Gold Glove winner , elegantly shags a fly .
`` Old-time kiddies , '' he says .
Perhaps .
For everyone involved , it 's one more swig of that elixir of youth , baseball .
Until the baby-faced heroes of today reclaim these ballparks for spring training , there is one more .
And not just for the players .
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .
Midmorning , he dons an orange-and-blue uniform and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman .
It 's one more , too , for the fans who dream of a season that never ends .
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , 730 responded .
Eventually , about 250 made the trip to Florida to compete for the available slots .
For some players , the lure is money -- up to $ 15,000 a month .
`` My fastball is good .
Real good , '' says 39-year-old Pete Broberg , working in the midday heat of the Tropics camp .
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .
`` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' he says .
`` I tried . ''
He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
He means the rule that a player ca n't cut it after a certain age .
These days he hustles to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle-aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
`` I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were . ''
But the ballplayers disagree .
Most are trim .
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .
And there 's pride .
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris .
`` There will be a lot of malice . ''
Men who have played hard all their lives are n't about to change their habits , he says .
